every two years the US Department of
Energy organizes the Solar Decathlon
challenging collegiate teams from the US
and the world to design build and
operate solar-powered homes that are
cost-effective energy-efficient and
attractive the 2013 Solar Decathlon was
held for the first time in Southern
California at the Orange County great
park in Irvine the student teams spent
two years designing building and testing
their homes to reach maximum efficiency
the winning team is the one who best
blends affordability consumer appeal
design excellence and optimal energy
efficiency Nana wall has participated in
the Solar Decathlon since it started in
2002 it's well known designs provide
energy efficiency and the ability to
bring the outside into the home
performance and durability are
inherently built into each Nana wall
door and window sustaining the life of a
home for us teams participating in the
decathlon chose Nana wall doors and
windows in their design one winning team
the University of Nevada Las Vegas took
home second place overall for its design
of desert soul we chose Nana wall after
doing a lot of research on different
windows and door systems for us it's
very important to create a tight
envelope utilizing nana walls folding
door and tilt turn window systems when
the doors are fully open it doubles the
square footage of the home the windows
whether fully opened or tilted provide
air flow to keep the house cool when all
the doors and windows are closed the
argon filled glass panels help keep out
the sun's rays the seals and locks are
engineered to keep the home airtight and
the elements out
we also wanted to use folding sliding
doors that can open up the space and
connect the indoor and outdoor space
during all that weather testing our
house proved that we keep the
temperature and humidity really well
with our airtight envelope and with the
Nana door the University of Southern
California's flux home reflected the
best in outdoor modern affordable living
in true California style this nano wall
is actually on our south side and it's
one of our largest openings and from a
design perspective that allows a lot of
solar heat gain so in the summer months
we had to we had to choose a glass that
will perform and reflect most of the
light out and solar heat gain and allow
minimal transmission to the interior the
use of the Nana wall for panel folding
door provided an excellent means in
helping to regulate the temperature in
the home also providing security and
engineered performance which we've
chosen Anna wall because of its lifetime
and the way it performs over a number of
years versus competitors that you have
to replace parts parts that wear out
Nana wall and its simplicity allows it
for less moving parts and perform over
longer years team Texas which consisted
of students from the University of Texas
at El Paso and the El Paso Community
College presented the adapt home
honoring the mixed cultures in West
Texas the home featured two opposing
Nana Hwa folding doors and when opened
doubled the living space of the home the
great things about the Nana walls they
allow you to open up the entire room and
allow natural ventilation inside the
house without utilizing mechanical
airflow how to change filters which
gives you a more sustainable and cleaner
energy feeling we're able to use the
walls to open up the entire room whether
we want a single door open or if we want
to accordion style the entire window to
allow maximum airflow or just to get a
nice cross breeze the rock-solid
durability and sustainability of these
doors would easily outlast the life
this home as the house has been opened
to the public one of their main
reactions is simply shock and awe
once we're actually able to open the
panel's all the way and showcase the
interior space of the house it
essentially doubles the look of the
house we're able to expand the house
without actually adding more square
footage which a lot of people have found
that exciting and amazing
rounding out the nanna wall team of 2013
was a home designed and built by Stevens
Institute of Technology called ecohabit
this l-shaped house included two Nana
wall folding doors opening to a large
deck along with helping to control the
temperature and airflow in the home
these doors added the main element of
artistic design the Eco have a home here
is specifically designed for Southern
California and the wonderful climate
here nana wall was a perfect product to
showcase the outdoor living here in
Southern California and allows for the
movement of indoor and outdoor space so
having the two nana walls that we do in
our house it expands the living area and
doubles the space so seamlessly
connecting indoor and outdoor space when
the doors are open the inside and
outside become one when the doors were
closed
a perfect lock and seal kept the
elements out and occupants secured
when looking at different products in
the market for high-performance value
for sliding glass doors and windows we
found that there was no other company
that can match nano walls high
performance in terms of aluminum
extrusions and glass selection
for the past 25 years naina wall has
been engineering and manufacturing doors
and windows for the future it's not a
coincidence that the leaders in
sustainable homes of today have included
naina wall products in their winning
designs European styling unmatched
performance and cutting-edge design are
built into every door and window at
naina ball when function and flexibility
are needed to solve the most complex
design challenges whether residential or
commercial naina wall has a solution
we at naina wall would like to
congratulate desert soul and the team at
the university of nevada las vegas for
their winning design and thank you to
all the teams who chose naina wall in
their homes naina wall inspiring new
ideas for buildings and homes